.TH "Model3DRigidMulti" 3 "26 Feb 2002" "Motion Strategy Library" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Model3DRigidMulti \- A collection of free-floating bodies in a 3D world. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <model3d.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBModel3DRigid\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Methods"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBModel3DRigidMulti\fP (string path)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~Model3DRigidMulti\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual double \fBMetric\fP (const \fBMSLVector\fP &x1, const \fBMSLVector\fP &x2)"
.br
.RI "\fIA distance metric, which is Euclidean in the base class.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBMSLVector\fP \fBLinearInterpolate\fP (const \fBMSLVector\fP &x1, const \fBMSLVector\fP &x2, const double &a)"
.br
.RI "\fILinearly interpolate two state while respecting topology.\fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBNumBodies\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "DETAILED DESCRIPTION"
.PP 
A collection of free-floating bodies in a 3D world.
.PP
.SH "CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "Model3DRigidMulti::Model3DRigidMulti (string path = '')"
.PP
.SS "Model3DRigidMulti::~Model3DRigidMulti ()\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
.SH "MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "\fBMSLVector\fP Model3DRigidMulti::LinearInterpolate (const \fBMSLVector\fP & x1, const \fBMSLVector\fP & x2, const double & a)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Linearly interpolate two state while respecting topology.
.PP
If a=0, then x1 is returned; if a=1, then x2 is returned. All intermediate values of $a \\in [0,1]$ yield intermediate states. This method is defined by \fBModel\fP. 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBModel3DRigid\fP.
.SS "double Model3DRigidMulti::Metric (const \fBMSLVector\fP & x1, const \fBMSLVector\fP & x2)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
A distance metric, which is Euclidean in the base class.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBModel3DRigid\fP.
.SH "MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "int Model3DRigidMulti::NumBodies"
.PP


.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Motion Strategy Library from the source code.